my name is Ahmed chicory I'm from Cairo
I'm oriental dance teachers we Tai Chi
polska namaste this is sunny Singh I'm a
Bollywood actor choreographer and
performer from India jason has a website
with highly neurotic proposes ish
Lancaster code is some question Messiah
discuss tonight namaste Poland hello to
everybody my name is racing I'm the
director of company bailamos bollywood
I'm at the dance teacher I live in
German since 12 years ago and its second
time for me a year in festival and I'm
so happy that come to next time in
Poland here oh wow the turn or dent in
my opinion is the connection between the
earth and the sky because if you look
around all the world everything turning
the moon the Sun the Stars everything
turning
we are here in Poland with a great
opportunity to perform and show what is
Bollywood
it's a film industry which is a
commercial name given by us as Bollywood
it's actually called Hindi film industry
from India which makes almost 900 movies
per year and most of the movies are like
musicals where we show how are we what
kind of people we are what kind of
culture we have and what kind of
traditions we have one two three four
one two three four we had 18 official
languages we have seven religions so all
this mag nation of all these religions
and languages we show in volleyball
I'm the director of company bailamos
Bollywood now the name has been changed
since a couple of months the same
company is called sunny Singh bollywood
dance company we founded this company
i'm the co-founder of this company with
sunny singh the base of this company is
in madrid spain and from there we try to
give and spread a message of message of
indian music and love and peace
everywhere
bhangra is a dance form which is nuts
which has lots of energy power and this
melody of their songs okay and I would
like to say to all polish girls and boys
polka and bulky that they have to come
and try this dance form if they want to
be entertained they want to get fit they
want to enjoy and have fun this is the
kind of dance they would like to come
with Bollywood with bhangra and to have
fun welcome everybody
the main base of this index is to feel
free to express yourself to be happy to
show what you are so I think that's the
reason Bollywood can be performed by
anybody if you want to dance you all you
have to bring in smile on your face
that's why I say the first rule of my
classes are smile if you can smile if
you can walk you can definitely dance it
just to be feel free and enjoy yourself
and forget all you for negative energy
and just to bring all your positive
energy that is all about bollywood
that's why it can be performed by
anybody from five years to 150 years if
you live I have to say thank to you guys
to give us this opportunity to to
express what bollywood is and thanks to
SIA dance academy
done it's the small pocket easier Mikey
scrapes leave the school I'm collect the
pop style yes Catania's good luck of a
turkey messages
correcto stitch Nemeth pelham anthem
tonight is soaked rocky crooked 2-4 in a
sweat it was a sababa polygonatum should
match dekh rahi tension Whitney moment
though doc Gramm's actor thanks for your
science and blushes picnic / damage
isn't possible is this is maneuver as
it's possible washed
Oh